Documenting the updated resource API (#175)
HarperFast/documentation: docs/technical-details/reference/resource-migration.md

The updated Resource API is enabled on a per-class basis, by setting static `loadAsInstance` property to `false`. When this property is set to `false`, this means that the Resource instances will not be bound to a specific record, and instead instances represent the whole table, capturing the context and current transactional state. Any records in the table can be loaded or modified from `this` instance. There are a number of implications and different behaviors from a Resource class with `static loadAsInstance = false`:
* The `get` method (both static and instance) will directly return the record, a frozen enumerable object with direct properties, instead of a Resource instance.

> * When instance methods are called, there will not be any record preloaded beforehand. And the resource instance will not have properties mapped to a record.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* When instance methods are called, there will not be any record preloaded beforehand and the resource instance will not have properties mapped to a record.
```

* All instance methods accept a `target`, an instance of `RequestTarget`, as the first argument, which identifies the target record or query.

> 	* The `target` will have an `id` property identifying the target resource, along with target information. The `getId()` method will return `undefined`.

Reviewer: I was confused when I read `getId()` will return `undefined`. I understand why, but will others be confused? Maybe it could be its own bullet item?

```suggestion
	* The `target` will have an `id` property identifying the target resource, along with target information.
	* The `getId()` method is not required and will return `undefined`.
```

Here are examples of how to convert/upgrade to the non-instance binding Resource API:
Previous code with a `get` method:
```javascript
export class MyData extends tables.MyData {
  async get(query) {
    let id = this.getId(); // get the id
    if (query?.size > 0) { // check number of query parameters
      let idWithQuery = id + query.toString(); // add query parameters
      let resource = await tables.MyData.get(idWithQuery, this); // retrieve another record
      resource.newProperty = 'value'; // assign a new value to the returned resource instance
      return resource;
    } else {
      this.newProperty = 'value'; // assign a new value to this instance
      return super.get(query);
    }
  }
}
```
Updated code:
```javascript
export class MyData extends tables.MyData {
  static loadAsInstance = false; // opt in to updated behavior
  async get(target) {
    let id = target.id; // get the id
    let record;
    if (target.size > 0) { // check number of query parameters

>       let idWithQuery = target.toString(); // this is the full target with the path query parameters

Author: Yeah, this is a really contrived example. I might think about how I could do something that is actually... useful.

		return super.get(target); // we can just directly use the query as well
	}
}
```

Here is an example of how to convert/upgrade an implementation of a `post` method:
Previous code with a `post` method:
```javascript
export class MyData extends tables.MyData {
  async post(data, query) {
    let resource = await tables.MyData.get(data.id, this);
    if (resource) { // update a property
      resource.someProperty = 'value';
      // or
      tables.MyData.patch(data.id, { someProperty: 'value' }, this);
    } else { // create a new record
      MyData.create(data, this);
    }
  }
}

```
Updated code:
```javascript
export class MyData extends tables.MyData {
  static loadAsInstance = false; // opt in to updated behavior
  // IMPORTANT: arguments are reversed:
  async post(target, data) {
    let record = await this.get(data.id);
    if (record) { // update a property
      const updatable = await this.update(data.id); // we can alternately pass a target to update
      updatable.someProperty = 'value';
      // or
      this.patch(data.id, { someProperty: 'value' }, this);
    } else { // create a new record

>       MyData.create(data, this);

Reviewer 2: Is there a reason this is `MyData` when all of the other ones are `this`?

The updated Resource API is enabled on a per-class basis by setting static `loadAsInstance` property to `false`. When this property is set to `false`, this means that the Resource instances will not be bound to a specific record. Instead instances represent the whole table, capturing the context and current transactional state. Any records in the table can be loaded or modified from `this` instance. There are a number of implications and different behaviors from a Resource class with `static loadAsInstance = false`:
* The `get` method (both static and instance) will directly return the record, a frozen enumerable object with direct properties, instead of a Resource instance.
* When instance methods are called, there will not be any record preloaded beforehand and the resource instance will not have properties mapped to a record.
* All instance methods accept a `target`, an instance of `RequestTarget`, as the first argument, which identifies the target record or query.
	* The `target` will have an `id` property identifying the target resource, along with target information.

> 	* The `getId()` method is not required and will return `undefined`.

Reviewer: I know I suggested using the words "not required", but does that read funny to you? Should it be "no longer used"?

```suggestion
	* The `getId()` method is no longer used and will return `undefined`.
```
